3.1: consistent style for field names and values in YAML comments (#4331)
OAI/OpenAPI-Specification: CONTRIBUTING.md

* property of a "plain" JSON object that is not an OpenAPI-defined Foo Object -> "property"
* "attribute" is only used in the XML context and means "XML attribute"

### Field Names and Values in YAML comments

> Field names and keys should be in backticks.

Author: ```suggestion
Field names and keywords should be in backticks.
```

> Field names and keys should be in backticks for consistency.
> Values like "Dog" should be double quoted as they are a value rather than a keyword.

Author: ```suggestion
Field names and keys should be in backticks.
Values like "Dog" should be double quoted.
```

> Field names and entries such as content types should be in backticks, they would be fixed-width fonts if the markdown was rendered (which the comments are not).

Reviewer: In the changes below all content types appear to be double-quoted. That seems contrary to this guidance. Am I misunderstanding this?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Field names and keys should be in backticks for consistency.
```
